Edit DNS guidance for registered apps (#52973)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/dns-app-access.mdx

Once the Teleport Application Service is proxying traffic to your web
application, the Teleport Proxy Service makes the application available at the
following URL:

```text
https://<APPLICATION_NAME>.<TELEPORT_DOMAIN>
```

For example, if your Teleport domain name is `teleport.example.com`, the
application named `my-app` would be available at

> `https://my-app.teleport.example.com`. The Proxy Service presents a TLS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`https://my-app.teleport.example.com`. The Proxy Service must present a TLS
```
